= exchange-rates-generator

* http://github.com/luma/exchange-rates-generator

== DESCRIPTION:

Generates a classes (or class like things) that can translate currency values in a specific currency to a number of other currencies.

Partially sponsored by the kind folks at Intercity (http://www.intercity.co.nz).

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* No tests yet :-(
* Generates classes (or class like things) for Ruby and Javascript
* Can support addition languages through custom formatters
* Supports a currency xml feed from ECB by default, but can support custom exchange rate sources through custom Source classes.

== SYNOPSIS:

Generate a Ruby class for converting NZD	amounts to other currencies, using the default ECB source.

<tt>generate_exchange_rates -c nzd -f ruby</tt>

This results in a file called "nzd_exchange_rates.rb" being created in the current working dir.

Generate a Javascript library for converting NZD	amounts to other currencies, using the default ECB source.

<tt>generate_exchange_rates -c usd -f javascript</tt>

This results in a file called "usd_exchange_rates.js" being created in the current working dir.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Ruby :-)
* Extlib Gem
* Money Gem
* Patron Gem
* Nokogiri Gem

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install exchange-rates-generator

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Rolly

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.